doc/vertices.md, before:

Vertex types and actions - Watermelon

---

## Types & actions
The idea behind the simulation of the graphs is that each vertex contains one (and only one) type, which indicates its functionality in the simulated reality. These types then allow specific actions, depending on the type.

Each vertex and each action have a unique symbol associated to them, mostly for visualization purposes.

The currently implemented vertex types are:

- `EmptyVertexType` (θ): Vertex that is not of a specific type, but rather a "structural" member.
- `EVChargerType` (C): Charger for an electric vehicle.
- `MaterialLoadType` (X): Point where material is loaded.
- `MaterialDischargeType` (O): Point where material is depositted.

The currently implemented actions are:

- `NullAction` (ϕ): Doing nothing.
- `ChargeBatteryAction` (c): Charging the battery of the vehicle.
- `WaitAction` (w): Waiting for some time.
- `LoadMaterialAction` (x): Loading material.
- `DischargeMaterialAction` (o): Depositting material in the vertex.

As said previously, the allowed actions depend on the type of the current vertex. The mapping between each type and the actions it allows is the following:

- `EmptyVertexType`: ϕ, w
- `EVChargerType`: ϕ, w, c
- `MaterialLoadType`: ϕ, w, x
- `MaterialDischargeType`: ϕ, w, o

To add a new type, create a class that inherits from `VertexType` and implements the `_char()` static method, which returns the unique character associated to that vertex type. It also has to contain a class attribute called `ACTIONS`, which corresponds to a list containing all the allowed actions.

For a new action, the created class has to inherit from `VertexAction` and implement the `_char()` static method, which returns the unique character that identifies that action, as well as the `_act()` method, which takes an agent and a vertex and determines the necessary time and energy to take the action.

Commit message:

Renamed the _char method to char, and added some extra documentation

doc/vertices.md, after:

Vertex types and actions - Watermelon

---

## Types & actions
The idea behind the simulation of the graphs is that each vertex contains one (and only one) type, which indicates its functionality in the simulated reality. These types then allow specific actions, depending on the type.

Each vertex and each action have a unique symbol associated to them, mostly for visualization purposes.

The currently implemented vertex types are:

- `EmptyVertexType` (θ): Vertex that is not of a specific type, but rather a "structural" member.
- `EVChargerType` (C): Charger for an electric vehicle.
- `MaterialLoadType` (X): Point where material is loaded.
- `MaterialDischargeType` (O): Point where material is depositted.

The currently implemented actions are:

- `NullAction` (ϕ): Doing nothing.
- `ChargeBatteryAction` (c): Charging the battery of the vehicle.
- `WaitAction` (w): Waiting for some time.
- `LoadMaterialAction` (x): Loading material.
- `DischargeMaterialAction` (o): Depositting material in the vertex.

As said previously, the allowed actions depend on the type of the current vertex. The mapping between each type and the actions it allows is the following:

- `EmptyVertexType`: ϕ, w
- `EVChargerType`: ϕ, w, c
- `MaterialLoadType`: ϕ, w, x
- `MaterialDischargeType`: ϕ, w, o

To add a new type, create a class that inherits from `VertexType` and implements the `char()` static method, which returns the unique character associated to that vertex type. It also has to contain a class attribute called `ACTIONS`, which corresponds to a list containing all the allowed actions.

For a new action, the created class has to inherit from `VertexAction` and implement the `char()` static method, which returns the unique character that identifies that action, as well as the `_act()` method, which takes an agent and a vertex and determines the necessary time and energy to take the action. However, when using an action **make sure to call the `act()` method** instead of `_act()`: it acts as a wrapper for the latter, but it also does some important validations before calling it.
